hey everyone this is Alex with techno
FYI and in this video I will show you
how to set up Apple's 2-step
verification feature this will give your
account an additional level security by
requiring a four-digit code when logging
into your account this means that if
someone were to get a hold of your
accounts password it wouldn't
necessarily mean that they could access
the account because they would still
need your phone or verified iOS device
in addition to this video I've created
an in-depth written tutorial on our
website which you can read at any time
by clicking our logo on the upper right
hand corner of the video the first thing
you're gonna do is open your favorite
web browser and go to Apple ID Apple
comm when you're here click the blue
manage your Apple ID button and enter in
your account information when you're
done click the blue Sign In button on
the left hand side of the screen you
should see a password and security tab
click that tab and answer your security
questions when you're done click
continue on the top of this page you
should see the 2-step verification
section click on the get started link
underneath that hit continue continue
again and get started here you will be
asked to verify trusted devices which
are simply devices that you have already
linked to the account to verify click
the verify link to the right of the
device and in a few seconds you should
see a notification pop up on your device
containing a four-digit code enter this
code on your computer and click the
verify device button when you're done
it's also wise to enter a phone number
that is capable of receiving text
messages to do this click the add an SMS
capable phone number link and specify
your
entry and entering your phone number
when you're done click the next button
and enter the verification code that was
texted to you when you're done click the
verify button now hit continue you will
now see a recovery key which is very
important because you will have to enter
this key in if you ever forget your
password or lose your trusted devices
right this key down somewhere and store
it somewhere safe when you're done click
the continue button to confirm that you
actually copied this key down somewhere
enter your recovery key on this page
when you're done click confirm click the
checkbox next to I understand the
conditions above and click on enable
2-step verification you've now added
2-step verification to your Apple ID for
techno FYI I'm Alex kuklinski thanks for
watching